make post for dhrescu grant announcement (#125)
dh-tech/dh-tech.github.io: content/news/2024-10-07-dhrescu-grant-announcement.md

---
layout: post

> title: DHReSCU Receives National Endowment for the Humanities Grant to Support Research Software Projects

Reviewer: The site is currently configured to generate the url based on the title rather than the filename, so let's set a short slug for the url:

```suggestion
title: DHReSCU Receives National Endowment for the Humanities Grant to Support Research Software Projects
slug: dhrescu-grant-announcement
```

date: 2024-10-07T15:00:00

> author: Julia Damerow, Cole Crawford, Rebecca Sutton Koese

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
author: Julia Damerow, Cole Crawford, Rebecca Sutton Koeser
```

thumbnail: /images/posts/dhrescu-hippo.jpg
# featureImage: /images/posts/dhrescu-hippo.jpg

tags:
  - announcement
---

> <img src="/images/posts/dhrescu-hippo.jpg" width="500px" style="padding: 15px">

Reviewer: We're using the Clarity Hugo theme - here is the documentation for images and figures: https://github.com/chipzoller/hugo-clarity?tab=readme-ov-file#images

I think it's better to use a markdown figure so we benefit from the Clarity template logic, and you should add brief alt text. I don't see any options for resizing, but I do see syntax for adding a CSS class with markdown. Do you want to add and use a half-width CSS class to our local styles file (in `assets/sass/_custom.sass`) ?

We are honored to announce that we have been awarded a $30,000 Chair’s Award from the National Endowment for the Humanities. This grant will create a pilot for a Digital Humanities Research Software Consulting Unit (DHReSCU). DhReSCU’s mission will be to aid early-stage digital humanities research software projects in developing a technical implementation plan.

The grant provided by NEH will help the DHReSCU pilot program determine the extent and needs for a consulting unit in DH research software. The resulting feedback and project outcomes of DHReSCU will shape its future operations.

> To learn more about DHReSCU and read the full announcement, [visit our page here](https://dhrescunit.github.io/posts/announcement/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about DHReSCU and this grant, [read the full announcement](https://dhrescunit.github.io/posts/announcement/).
```

Reviewer: reason for the change: it's better to make the link text more descriptive of the content you will see if you follow the link
